[Docs]: Added contributing guidelines (#7)
jamesgeorge007/scaffold-static: README.md

## Installation
`npm install -g scaffold-static`

## Contributing
Before contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. Take a look at the Contributing Guidelines to get a better picture regarding the codebase and project structure.

> ## How do I contribute?

Reviewer: Please remove this section.

1. Fork and clone our repository.

> 2. Do the npm installation using the command npm install -g scaffold-static

Reviewer: Remove this line.

3. Fire in sudo npm link to test everything works fine.
3. Then use the commend scaffold-static new <project_name> to bootstrap the boilerplate template required to work upon.

> 4. This creates a new folder within the existing local repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. This creates a new directory with the given name in the current path.
```

5. On the adjoing screen select the css framework you want to work upon. 
6. Make your life-changing changes.
7. Commit and push your changes.
8. Make a detailed pull request.

>  npm link creates a symlink in the global folder making the mevn command globally available within your local development environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 npm link creates a symlink in the global folder making the `scaffold-static` command globally available within your local development environment
```
